Oasis Games Limited. (OASIS) Terms of Service Accepting the Terms  
These Terms of Service ("Terms") are a legal agreement between 
Beijing Oasis Games Limited ("OASIS" or "we") and you ("user" or 
"you"). By using or accessing any OASIS game or application 
("Service"), you agree to be bound by these Terms. By accessing or 
using the Service, you agree that you have read, understood, and 
accepted to be bound by the Terms. OASIS reserves the right, in its 
sole discretion, modify or revise these Terms at any time, and you 
agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions. If you do not 
agree to the Terms, please do not use the Service.  Users are 
responsible for periodically viewing the Terms. Your continued use 
of the Service after a change or update has been made will 
constitute your acceptance to the revised Terms. If you do not agree 
to the Terms your only remedy is to discontinue your use of the 
Service and cancel any accounts you have made using the Service.  If 
you violate the Terms, OASIS reserves the right to issue you a 
warning regarding the violation or immediately terminate or suspend 
any or all accounts you have created using the Service. You agree 
that OASIS need not provide you a notice before terminating or 
suspending your account(s), but it may do so.  Violation of the 
Terms or other rules of OASIS, OASIS reserves the right to refuse 
any user access to the Services without notice . You agree that 
OASIS may discontinue the Service or change the content of the 
Service at any time, for any reasonable grounds, with or without 
notice to you, without liability.  You represent that you are 13 
years old or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you 
represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agrees to the 
Terms. Intellectual Property/Ownership  All materials that are part 
of the Service (including, but not limited to, designs, text, 
graphics, pictures, video, information, applications, software, 
music, sound and other files, and their selection and arrangement) 
are protected by law from unauthorized use.  The entire contents of 
the Service are copyrighted under the copyright laws of the People 
Republic of China and/or similar laws of other jurisdictions.  You 
agree that no materials that are part of the Service may be 
modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, 
downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any 
form or by any means, in whole or in part, or otherwise exploited 
without OASIS's express prior written permission, except that the 
foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined below) 
that you legally post on the Site. All other use of copyrighted 
material, including any derivative produce,use, requires express 
prior written permission from OASIS. Any reproduction or 
redistribution of materials not in accordance with these Terms is 
expressly prohibited and may result in severe civil and criminal 
penalties.  OASIS and/or its licensors remain the owners of right, 
title, and interest, including copyrights and other intellectual 
property rights, in and to all materials posted on the Services by 
OASIS. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights 
by using the Service or by accessing any materials posted on the 
Service by OASIS, or any derivative works thereof.  OASIS grants you 
a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited 
scope license to use the Service solely for the purpose of viewing 
and using the applicable Services and for no other purpose 
whatsoever. Your license to use the Services is limited by these 
Terms. User Content  You agree that you are willingly publishing the 
content on the Service using technology and tools provided by OASIS. 
You understand and agree that you may not distribute, sell, transfer 
or license this content and/or application in any manner, in any 
country, or on any social network or other medium without the 
explicit written permission of OASIS.  Any data, text, graphics, 
photographs and their selection and arrangement, (hereinafter "User 
Content") uploaded to the Service are subject, whether in whole or 
in part, to unlimited commercial, non-commercial and/or promotional 
use by OASIS. Text, graphics, and photographs are uploaded by you 
and are the sole responsibility of the person from whom the User 
Content originated. Thus, users are responsible, and OASIS is not 
responsible for any files users upload, post, or otherwise make 
available. OASIS may or may not regulate User Content and does not 
guarantee the accuracy, quality, or integrity of any User Content 
posted via the OASIS application. By using OASIS, you acknowledge 
and accept that you may be exposed to material you find offensive or 
objectionable. You agree that OASIS will not under any circumstances 
be liable for any User Content, including, but not limited to, 
errors in any User Content, or any loss or damage incurred by use of 
the User Content.  OASIS reserves the right to remove and 
permanently delete any User Content from the Service with or without 
notice. Virtual Currencies/Goods  The Service may include an 
opportunity to purchase virtual, in-game currency ("Virtual 
Currency") that may require you to pay a fee using "real money" to 
obtain the Virtual Currency. Virtual Currency can never be redeemed 
for real money, goods, or any other item of monetary value from 
OASIS or any other party.  Your purchase of Virtual Currency is 
final and is not refundable, exchangeable or transferable, except in 
OASIS's sole discretion. You may not purchase, sell, or exchange 
Virtual Currency outside the Service or outside the transaction 
platform OASIS designated. Doing so is a violation of the Terms and 
may result in termination of your account with the Service and/or 
legal action.  OASIS retains the right to modify, manage, control 
and/or eliminate the type, nature, or value of Virtual goods at its 
sole discretion. Prices and availability of virtual game goods are 
subject to change without notice. Your personal information, 
including but not limited to account and password 、Top-up records 
,in the service shall be kept safely. And please make sure the 
service is run under safe environment to avoid any loss. Rules of 
Conduct/Usage  The OASIS Service may provide communication channels 
such as forums, communities, or chat areas ("Communication 
Channels") designed to enable you to communicate with other Service 
users. The communication channels shall be established subject to 
the operation of the service, and OASIS reserves the right to 
modify, manage, control and/or terminate all or part of the 
channels. OASIS has no obligation to monitor these communication 
channels but it may do so and reserves the right to review materials 
posted to the Communication Channels and to remove any materials, at 
any time, with or without notice for any reason, at its sole 
discretion.  OASIS may also terminate or suspend your access to any 
Communication Channels at any time, without notice, subject to the 
rules or Terms of the communication channels. You acknowledge that 
chats, postings, or materials posted by users on the Communication 
Channels are neither endorsed nor controlled by OASIS, and these 
communications should not be considered reviewed or approved by 
OASIS. OASIS will not under any circumstances by liable for any 
activity within Communication Channels.  You agree that all your 
communications with the Communication Channels are public, and thus 
you have no expectation of privacy regarding your use of the 
Communication Channels. OASIS is not responsible for information 
that you choose to share on the Communication Channels, or for the 
actions of other users.  You agree that your use of the Service 
shall be lawful and that you will comply with the usage rules. In 
furtherance of the foregoing, and as an example and not as a 
limitation, you agree not to use the Service in order to:  • post, 
upload, transmit or otherwise disseminate information that is 
obscene, indecent, vulgar, pornographic, sexual or otherwise 
objectionable  • defame, libel, ridicule, mock, stalk, threaten, 
harass, intimidate or abuse anyone, hatefully, racially, ethnically 
or, in a reasonable person's view, otherwise offensive or 
objectionable  • posting messages for any purpose other than 
personal communication, including without limitation advertising, 
promotional materials, chain letters, pyramid schemes, political 
campaigning, mass mailings and sending "spam", or making any 
commercial use of our offerings.  • impersonating another person, 
indicating that you are a OASIS’s employee or a representative of 
OASIS (if you are not), or attempting to mislead users by indicating 
that you represent OASIS in any way  • upload or transmit (or 
attempt to upload or transmit) files that contain viruses, Trojan 
horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or data, or 
any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation 
of the Service or other users' computers  • violate the contractual, 
personal, intellectual property or other rights of any party 
including using, uploading, transmitting, distributing, or otherwise 
making available any information made available through the Service 
in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade 
secret, or other right of any party (including rights of privacy or 
publicity)  • posting or communicating any player's real-world 
personal information within an OASIS service or by or through an 
OASIS service or any related bulletin board.  • attempt to obtain 
passwords or other private information from other members  • 
Interfering or circumventing any OASIS Games Offering security 
feature or any feature that restricts or enforces limitations on use 
of or access to an OASIS’s Offering  • improperly use support 
channels or complaint buttons to make false reports to OASIS  • 
develop, distribute, or publicly inform other members of "auto" 
software programs, "macro" software programs or other "cheat 
utility" software program or applications in violation of the 
applicable License Agreements  • exploit, distribute or publicly 
inform other members of any game error, miscue or bug which gives an 
unintended advantage  • violate any applicable laws or regulations, 
or promote or encourage any illegal activity including, but not 
limited to, hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit 
software, or cheats or hacks for the Service  • Engaging in cheating 
or any other activity that OASIS deems to be in conflict with the 
spirit of OASIS. Disclaimer of Warranty; Limitation of Liability  
OASIS shall not promise that ： • the service will meet your 
requirements completely; • the service will never interfered, and be 
provided timely all the time.  You agree that your use of the 
Service shall be at your sole risk. To the fullest extent permitted 
by law, OASIS, its officers, directors, employees, and agents 
disclaim all warranties, express or implies, in connection with the 
website and your use thereof including implied warranties of title, 
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or 
non-infringement, accuracy, authority, completeness, usefulness, and 
timeliness.  OASIS makes no warranties or representations about the 
accuracy or completeness of the content of the Service of the 
content of any sites linked to the Service and assumes no liability 
or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of 
content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature 
whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Service, 
(iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or 
any and all personal information and/or financial information stored 
therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or 
from the Service, (v) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like 
which may be transmitted to or through the Service by any third 
party, and/or (vi) any errors or omissions in any content or for any 
loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any 
content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available 
via the Service.  In no event will OASIS, its directors, officers, 
agents, contractors, partners and employees, be liable to you or any 
third person for any special, direct, indirect, incidental, special, 
punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever including any lost 
profits or lost data arising from your use of the Service or other 
materials on, accessed through or downloaded from the Service, 
whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal 
theory, and whether or not OASIS has been advised of the possibility 
of these damages. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply 
to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable 
jurisdiction. You specifically acknowledge that OASIS shall not be 
liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal 
conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from 
the foregoing rests entirely with you.  You agree to indemnify and 
hold OASIS, and each of its directors, officers, agents, 
contractors, partners and employees, harmless from and against any 
loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs and expenses, 
including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or in 
connection with (i) your use of and access to the Service; (ii) your 
violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) your 
violation of any third party right, including without limitation any 
copyright, property, or privacy right; (iv) any claim that one of 
your User Submissions caused damage to a third party; or (v) any 
Content you post or share on or through the Service.  
Modifying、Suspending and Terminating our Services We are constantly 
changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove 
functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service 
altogether.  • The suspension of Service caused by system 
maintenance or upgrades, OASIS shall make their reasonable effort to 
inform the users in advance. • Violation of the social morality, 
applicable laws or regulations, OASIS reserves the right to 
terminate the Service immediately. • Violation of the Terms or rules 
of OASIS, OASIS shall take measures, including but not limited to 
establish temporary isolation, isolation, suspend the accounts, 
deactive the accounts, to terminate or suspend or limit the Service 
available to users. • Except the cases mentioned above, OASIS 
reserves the right to suspend or terminate all or part of the 
Service within 15 days prior notice. Provide that the suspension or 
termination is unforeseeable, Prior notice shall not be necessary. 
In such case, OASIS shall not take responsibility for any loss, 
caused by Service suspension or termination, of the users or any 
third party. • The users did not use the Service over continuous 90 
days; the account of such users shall be deactived by OASIS. 
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION  By visiting or using the Service, 
you agree that the laws of The People's Republic of China, without 
regard to principles of conflict of laws and regardless of your 
location, will govern these Terms of Service and any dispute of any 
sort that might arise between you and OASIS. Any claim or dispute 
between you and OASIS that arises in whole or in part from your use 
of the Service shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent 
jurisdiction located in Haidian District，Beijing, and you hereby 
consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction 
and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in 
Beijing.  OASIS reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service 
at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to 
review these Terms of Service for any changes. Your use of OASIS 
following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your 
assent to and acceptance of its revised terms.  YOU AND OASIS AGREE 
THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICE 
MUST COMMENCE WITHIN TWO (2) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. 
OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
